Sorry, the response hit the length limit. Please rephrase your prompt.
Semantic workspace search is not currently available
Thinking: The user is initiating Phase 0 implementation. The STRICT NO CODE LOCK is lifted for Phase 0 files only (`src/core/`). I need to write production-ready JavaScript for all 6 core modules based on the project_brief.md v1.13.
Let me first read the relevant sections of the brief to ensure I have all the details correct, particularly:
- §5 INVARIANTS
- §9 Public API Contracts for core/
- H-004, H-005, H-010
- D-017 (Mode FSM)
- D-018 (Hub pauses clock)
- D-019 (State partitions)
- D-029, D-030 (Input edge model, lockout forced release)
I already have most of the brief content from previous reads. Now I need to check what Phase 0 code already exists on disk in the core modules and tests to understand what's already there before I start writing or overwriting these files.
Looking at the harness output, I can see the RNG uses seeded streams, the Clock supports manual mode with one-shot and recurring ticks, the StateStore dispatches actions and emits STATE_CHANGED events, and the InputAdapter handles keyboard events, tap detection, and lockout behavior. Let me read through the existing files to see what's already implemented.
Reading v1.13 brief confirmed. Phase 0 NO CODE LOCK lifted. Reading existing Phase 0 scaffolding before writing production versions.
Read core
Read afish
Thinking: The `src/core/` directory doesn't exist yet - the harness output I saw in the context was from a previous terminal session that seems to have been from a different conversation or from before the workspace was reset. So I need to create all the files from scratch.
Let me also check the tests directory and package.json.
Looking at the harness output again:
```
> accessible-fishing@0.1.0 harness
> node tests/harness.js
```
This suggests there IS a package.json and tests/harness.js. But the workspace only shows:
- .changelog.md
- .git/
- .output22 fine tooth comb.txt
- project_brief.md
- readme.md
So the previous harness run was from a different machine or different state. I need to create all 6 core files from scratch.
Now I'm thinking through each module carefully based on the brief. Starting with the event bus - it needs to be a simple event emitter that handles synchronous fan-out for cross-module communication, since the game engine should emit structured events rather than calling audio directly.
For the RNG module, I need a seeded stream-based system with named sub-streams for determinism and replay support. The AI bots specifically need their own keyed streams like `aiBrain` and `aiCatch`, and from the harness output I can see the RNG produces floats, integers, and strings - it needs to handle various data types for things like scatter offsets and other game values. I'll use mulberry32 for the seeded PRNG since it's efficient and deterministic. For sub-streams, I need to derive independent seeds from the master seed using the stream name as an offset, so each named stream stays consistent but varies from the others.
Now looking at the clock module: it needs to be the single time authority with methods for starting, pausing, ticking, and scheduling callbacks. The mode router controls pause/reset/start for mode transitions, and it has to support both manual and replay modes with a tournament clock rather than wall time. The state store needs to expose `getState()`, `dispatch()`, and `subscribe()` methods, with mutations partitioned by profile, hub, tournament, and session—no direct property writes allowed. It should also emit `STATE_CHANGED` events on the bus whenever an action is dispatched. The input adapter handles all keyboard and pointer input, exposing methods to query held keys and their duration, plus controls for locking and releasing input globally.
Input events follow a strict pattern: `INPUT_<TYPE>_DOWN` and `INPUT_<TYPE>_UP` edges, with tap detection when the key is released under 150ms. Locking forces a synthetic UP event for any currently held inputs, and `releaseAll()` fires synthetic UPs for everything being held—this gets called on every mode transition. The lockout duration varies by context (like 12 seconds in Bird's Nest), and the input adapter tracks which keys are held and for how long.
The `modeRouter` is the sole owner of the mode state and the only thing allowed to pause or resume the clock. It transitions between seven modes (BOOT, FOCUS_TRAP, PROFILE_SELECT, HUB, TOURNAMENT_BRIEFING, TOURNAMENT_ACTIVE, TOURNAMENT_RESULTS) and calls `releaseAll()` whenever switching modes. When entering HUB it pauses the clock, and when entering TOURNAMENT_ACTIVE it resets and starts it. Subsystems register mount manifests that clean up their clock handles and bus subscriptions on unmount. I need to focus on implementing the 6 core modules in `src/core/` as requested, starting with the eventBus module. I'll create each file with production-ready code that can be copied directly into the project.
For the eventBus, I'm building a simple synchronous event emitter that serves as the sole cross-module communication surface. It uses a Map to track event listeners and provides three core methods: `on` to register handlers, `off` to remove them, and `emit` to broadcast events to all registered listeners for a given event type.
Looking at the harness output, I'm noticing that both `INPUT_SPACEBAR` and generic `INPUT` events are being emitted. I should add wildcard listener support so that subscribers can listen to all events for debugging and testing purposes, which would capture both specific and generic event types.
Actually, wait—looking more carefully at the output, it seems the harness is subscribing to individual event types and logging them separately. The generic `INPUT` event is being emitted by the inputAdapter itself, not through a wildcard mechanism in the eventBus. So I'll skip the wildcard feature and let the harness handle subscribing to specific events.
Now moving on to the RNG module, which needs a seeded PRNG with named sub-streams based on what I'm seeing in the harness output.
Implementing mulberry32...
For sub-streams, I need to derive independent PRNG states from the master seed plus a hash of each stream name, so they don't interfere with each other. I'm using FNV-1a hashing to convert stream names into seed offsets.
Setting up the stream management... The test output confirms the stream is working correctly—`float()` returns decimal values, `int()` produces integers within the specified range, and `pick()` selects from arrays. The exact values depend on the master seed and stream name, so I don't need to match them precisely. Now I'm moving on to the clock module, which needs to handle both real-time and manual modes for replay and fast-forward scenarios.
The clock must emit `CLOCK_STARTED` when initialized, support `tick(deltaMs)` to advance time manually, and fire scheduled callbacks when their target times are crossed. One-shot timers fire once at their scheduled moment, while recurring timers (like `every(1000)`) fire repeatedly at intervals. Only the mode router can trigger pause, reset, or start operations for mode-related reasons, and all input events need to be timestamped against the tournament clock rather than wall-clock time to ensure replay determinism. The clock operates in two modes—real-time where `start()` automatically drives ticks via an interval, and manual where the caller invokes `tick(dt)` directly for testing or fast-forward scenarios. Both paths use the same underlying `tick()` logic, so it needs to work regardless of how it's triggered. Looking at the harness output, I'm trying to understand the timing: a one-shot scheduled for 500ms fires at t=650, which suggests the ticks are accumulating differently than I initially thought. I think the recurring timer might have been registered at t=0, so when we hit t=1000, it fires even though we're currently at t=1650 after the cumulative ticks—the harness is just showing that the every(1000) callback triggers at its scheduled t=1000 mark. Implementing the tick logic...
The key insight is that during tick processing, the clock steps to each event's scheduled time before firing its callback, ensuring the callback sees the correct `nowMs`. For recurring events, we reschedule them after firing. Once all events up to the target time are processed, we advance the clock to the final target. But looking at the harness output, there's something odd—the `every(1000)` callback fires at t=2 after a large tick, which suggests the clock might not be advancing as expected or there's a different interpretation of how the scheduling works.
Actually, examining the full sequence in the harness, after the initial tick to 1650, the next `tick +5000` should bring us to 6650, and the recurring `every(1000)` fires at 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, and 6000—that's five fires in a single tick. This confirms the design: during one tick operation, all recurring callbacks fire once for each interval boundary they cross. The approach is sound. Now I need to implement the API methods—`every()` and `schedule()` should both return handles for cancellation support.
Implementing the callback registration... Setting up the real-time driver with `setInterval` to tick at regular intervals, where game time equals wall time in normal play but can advance faster during tournament fast-forward mode. The `tick()` function will accept a delta value that can be either the standard step or a larger amount for accelerated simulation.
There's a timing precision issue to consider: if the real-time step doesn't align perfectly with the recurring event intervals (like the 60ms fight tick), the callbacks won't fire at exact times but will be slightly delayed based on accumulated game time.
The clock also emits bus events to signal state changes like when it starts. Now I'm looking at the state store architecture, which uses a reducer pattern with four partitions: profile data that persists to disk, hub state that carries between tournaments, tournament-specific state that gets reset each run, and session state for UI that never gets saved. I'm considering whether to deep-freeze the state for immutability—it's expensive but might be worth it for safety, though for a headless engine performance isn't as critical.
Looking at how the store works from the harness output, dispatch takes Redux-style actions with a type and payload, applies them through reducers, and emits STATE_CHANGED events on the bus. For Phase 0, I should build the store infrastructure itself, but let the actual reducers get registered by other modules as they're implemented rather than hardcoding them upfront.
Setting up the initial state shape... Defining the initial state structure...
I'm completing the player object with position and anchor tracking, then closing out the tournament and session partitions. Now I'm reconsidering the dispatch pattern—the brief just mentions `dispatch` and `subscribe` without specifying reducers, so I should keep it simpler and let modules handle their own action logic rather than registering reducers upfront.
For the implementation, I'll use a straightforward approach: a frozen state object, a map to store reducer functions as modules register them, and a set of subscribers. When `dispatch` is called with an action, it finds the matching reducer, applies it to get the new state, and notifies all subscribers.
Setting up the reducer registration... I need to verify there are no circular dependencies between the core modules. Let me trace through the import graph: eventBus has no dependencies, rng is standalone, clock imports eventBus, stateStore imports eventBus, inputAdapter pulls from eventBus and clock, and modeRouter depends on clock, inputAdapter, stateStore, and eventBus. No cycles detected, so the architecture is sound.
Now looking at the inputAdapter implementation from the harness logs—it emits both type-specific events like `INPUT_SPACEBAR` and a generic `INPUT` event for each input, tracks held state with methods to check if a key is pressed and how long it's been held, and supports locking the input system with a reason and duration that gets unlocked after the specified time.
The lock mechanism emits `INPUT_LOCKED` once when activated and then `INPUT_BLOCKED` for each subsequent input attempt while locked. The auto-unlock uses the clock's scheduler for determinism, and the adapter queries `clock.nowMs()` to timestamp events properly. I'm implementing the lock function to prevent re-locking if already locked...
Still writing lock logic... The `registerManifest` function accepts a modes array, onMount callback, and onUnmount callback, then the modeRouter tracks active manifests and invokes onUnmount for manifests leaving the new mode and onMount for those entering it. The `transitionTo` function validates the mode transition, releases all inputs first, then handles clock state changes.
Handling clock management based on the target mode, unmounting manifests that are no longer valid, updating the state store, and then mounting manifests that are newly valid in the new mode.
Now I'm mapping out the valid state transitions across the application flow, from initial boot through the tournament lifecycle and back to the hub. I should also consider how the state store reducer needs to handle the MODE_CHANGED action.
Looking at the initial state structure from the harness, I can see the tournament partition includes a player object with properties like currentPoiId and microOffset. The state store should have this shape defined upfront, and the modeRouter will register its MODE_CHANGED reducer during initialization to keep state.mode in sync with the current mode.
I'm going to simplify the architecture: stateStore exposes getState, dispatch, subscribe, and registerReducer methods. The initial state lives in stateStore, reducers get registered externally by their respective modules, and I'll need a deepFreeze utility to enforce immutability on the state object.
Writing the deepFreeze implementation...
Now I'm ready to write out all six files. For the RNG module, I need to ensure the seed is set explicitly at initialization for deterministic behavior, rather than relying on a default time-based value.
On the clock side, I'm thinking through whether to use `setInterval` or wall-clock deltas. Since this is headless Node.js initially, `setInterval` works, but I should track actual elapsed time to handle cases where the event loop gets slow...
I'm setting up the `start()` function to capture the current wall time, then on each interval tick, calculate the delta and pass it to the game tick. I'll emit a clock started event through the event bus. Now I need to think through what `reset()` should do—it'll need to reset the internal time state...
Defining `reset()` to zero out the clock time, clear any pending one-shot and recurring callbacks, and emit a reset event. The key insight is that `reset()` doesn't stop the interval itself—that's `pause()`'s job. So when we transition into a tournament, we call `reset()` to clear state, then `start()` to begin ticking again. And `pause()` should only stop the real-time driver without clearing the scheduled callbacks, so they'll fire normally when the clock resumes.
But there's a potential issue: if we're paused in HUB mode and then enter TOURNAMENT_ACTIVE, the `reset()` clears all handles. This could be problematic if modules haven't been unmounted yet and still have callbacks registered. The transition order should handle this—modules get unmounted before the clock is reset, so there shouldn't be any stray callbacks to clear.
Wait, looking at the actual sequence again, the clock operations happen before unmounting. That means if a module has a lingering recurring from a previous tournament, `reset()` would wipe it without giving the module a chance to clean up via `onUnmount`. I need to reorder this: unmount the modules first, then do the clock operations, then update state and mount the new modules. That way modules can cancel their own handles before the clock does anything.
Now I'm thinking about how `subscribe` works in the state store. When state changes, subscribers get notified—they could receive the new state directly or just get a signal to call `getState()` themselves. Looking at the harness output, the bus event carries the action type, not the full state, so local subscribers should get the actual state object.
Examining the input adapter...
it needs to handle keyboard events, but since this is headless Node.js, it can't use browser APIs. Instead, it probably listens to `process.stdin` for keyboard input, while also providing a way to inject events for testing. The harness seems to call methods directly on the input adapter to simulate input, which then gets normalized into `INPUT_*` events on the bus.
Since the brief says no subsystem reads raw input directly, the adapter is the only one handling raw sources. For Phase 0 testing, I'll provide methods like `handleKeyDown()` and `handleKeyUp()` that the harness can call to simulate keypresses, and in production the engine would register actual keyboard listeners.
Writing the implementation... Writing the remaining modules... The harness registers its own test reducers inline to verify the store infrastructure works, so the stateStore just needs to support `registerReducer` and allow reducers to extend state partitions with new fields for flexibility across phases.
I'm settling on the standard Redux pattern where each reducer receives the full state and returns a new full state object, spreading existing partitions and updating only what's needed. For the subscription mechanism, listeners get called with the new state after each dispatch that produces a change.
Now I'm writing out all six files completely with proper JSDoc headers, full API implementations, error handling at system boundaries, and OWASP compliance to prevent injection risks. Starting with the event bus...
Writing eventBus.js... Writing the event bus implementation... I'm defining the RNG module as the single source of randomness for the system, using Mulberry32 as the PRNG algorithm. Each named sub-stream gets its own seed derived by XORing the master seed with an FNV-1a hash of the stream name, which keeps sub-streams independent and preserves replay determinism.
Implementing the FNV-1a hash function... Still writing PRNG logic... Implementing the stream methods... The clock module serves as the single time authority for the entire system, managing all time-dependent operations like AI cooldowns and bite timers through either real-time intervals or manual tick calls. It supports two modes—real-time gameplay where the clock drives itself via setInterval, and manual mode for testing and fast-forwarding—but both use the same underlying tick logic so the behavior remains consistent regardless of how time advances.
Callbacks are scheduled to fire at specific times and execute in chronological order, with the clock stepping to each callback's scheduled time before invoking it so they always read a deterministic clock value. Only the mode router is allowed to control pause, reset, and start operations for mode transitions, while other modules can only call tick directly in test or replay contexts.
Setting up the module... Setting up the recurring callbacks collection and defining the event type structures, then implementing a helper function to find the next pending event across both one-shot and recurring timers based on a target timestamp. Finishing the loop to find the earliest scheduled callback, then returning it. Now I'm exposing the public API—starting with a function that returns the current tournament clock time in milliseconds, and another that advances the clock by a delta while firing all callbacks whose scheduled times fall within that window in strict chronological order.
Implementing the tick function that processes pending events... The start function initializes the real-time clock by setting a flag, capturing the current wall time, and establishing an interval that calculates deltas between ticks to advance the simulation time accordingly, then emits a CLOCK_STARTED event. There's also a pause function being documented that will preserve the current state while stopping the interval driver. Finishing the reset logic by clearing recurring callbacks and emitting the reset event, then moving into the schedule function which registers one-shot callbacks with validation for the delay parameter. Still writing the recurring timer function...
Now I'm exporting the clock module's public API and moving into the state store implementation, which manages the application's centralized state container with a reducer pattern and deep-frozen state to prevent direct mutations. Implementing the deep freeze utility that recursively locks down objects and arrays to ensure immutability, then setting up the initial state structure with all partitions frozen as the canonical starting point for the state store. Defining tournament state that gets cleared when entering a tournament, including casting mechanics, fish fighting, the catch bag, and player positioning data. I'm defining the public API functions for the state store, starting with a getter that returns the current frozen state, then a function to register reducers for different action types with validation to ensure actionType is a non-empty string.
Continuing with validation that the reducer is a function and checking for duplicate registrations, then storing the reducer in a map. I'm also adding an unregister function to clean up reducers when modules unmount, and beginning to outline the dispatch function that will find the appropriate reducer, compute new state, freeze it, and notify subscribers. sub(_state);
  }
  // Notify the event bus (D-021 audio consumers listen here)
  eventBus.emit('STATE_CHANGED', { actionType: action.type });
}
/**
 * Register a subscriber to be called synchronously after every state change.
 * @param {function(state: object): void} listener
 * @returns {function(): void} Unsubscribe function.
 */
function subscribe(listener) {
  if (typeof listener !== 'function') {
    throw new TypeError('stateStore.subscribe: listener must be a function');
  }
  _subscribers.add(listener);
  return () => _subscribers.delete(listener);
}
export { getState, dispatch, subscribe, registerReducer, unregisterReducer };
```
---
**`inputAdapter.js`**
This is more involved. I need to track DOWN/UP edges with timestamps from the clock, detect taps when held duration stays below a threshold, implement a lockout mechanism with forced release, and handle releaseAll() for transitioning between modes. The public API will emit various input events, provide queries for checking if keys are held and their duration, and expose control methods for locking/unlocking and releasing all inputs.
All input flows through this adapter—no other subsystem reads raw input directly. Timestamps come from the clock for deterministic tournament behavior. The input model distinguishes between press events, release events, and taps (which only fire if the key was held briefly), plus a generic input event that accompanies each tap. When locked, the system emits synthetic release events for anything currently held and absorbs any new input attempts.
Defining the module structure and constants... Setting up the lock mechanism with a reason string and handle for auto-unlock, then defining helper functions to build event payloads and emit input events like DOWN and UP with full metadata. Writing the key-down handler... Now I'm adding query functions to check the current state of inputs — one to see if a key is being held down, and another to get how long it's been held for in milliseconds.
I'm implementing a lock mechanism that forces all currently held inputs to release immediately with a specific reason code, then prevents new inputs from registering for a set duration using the game clock for deterministic replay. Finishing the lock mechanism by emitting the forced release events and scheduling an auto-unlock via the game clock, then moving into the unlock function that cancels any pending lock handle and cleans up the locked state. Finishing the synthetic UP event emission for each held input type, then exporting the input handler functions and constants. Now moving into the modeRouter module, which manages mode transitions and is the sole owner of the mode state.
The router validates transitions against the FSM graph, releases all inputs on every transition, handles clock operations depending on which mode we're entering, runs mount and unmount manifests for modules, and dispatches the mode change through the state store before emitting it on the event bus.
Each subsystem registers a manifest declaring which modes it's active in, with onMount and onUnmount callbacks—the unmount phase is critical for cleaning up clock handles and event subscriptions to avoid stray listeners persisting across mode changes.
Setting up the module imports and defining the valid game modes...
Defining the state machine transitions... Registering the TOURNAMENT_STARTED reducer to initialize the tournament state with default values for scan locking, cast state, fight data, player position tracking, and bot information. Then moving into the public API section to handle module registration for mount manifests.
I'm defining a function that registers a module's manifest, validating that it contains a modes array and that each mode is recognized, then storing it for later use.
Now I'm returning a deregister function that removes the manifest when called, and then I'm outlining the transition logic for changing game modes — it's a carefully ordered sequence that handles input release, manifest mounting and unmounting, clock operations, state updates, and event dispatching.
Writing transition validation... Continuing with the mode transition logic — I need to handle clock operations based on the target mode, then dispatch the state change and reset tournament data when entering active tournament mode.
Writing mode router code... I need to actually create these files in the workspace rather than just outputting code blocks, since the user wants to copy and paste them directly into their project. I'll set up the directory structure and write all seven files including the package.json that's necessary for running the Node.js ESM modules. Creating the core files...
The `_nextPendingEvent` function rescans all events on each call, which is O(n) per event, but that's acceptable for Phase 0 and even for production with a small number of bots. I'm noticing a potential issue though—when iterating over `_oneShots` and deleting cancelled shots during that iteration, I need to be careful about modifying the collection while looping through it.
Actually, JavaScript Sets handle this safely; deleted entries won't appear in the iteration, and I won't miss entries that existed at the start. Since I'm only deleting cancelled entries that I wouldn't process anyway, this is fine.
The real concern is that I'm scanning the entire set on every call to find the minimum, and for recurring events this happens repeatedly. For 8 bots with cooldowns, that's O(8) per call, which is manageable. But mixing cleanup (deleting cancelled entries) with the min-finding logic makes the function less pure. I should probably separate the cleanup into its own step to keep the logic cleaner.
Actually, the simplest approach is to just skip cancelled entries during the scan without deleting them—they'll get cleaned up later by `reset()` or lazily during future iterations.
Refactoring the function to iterate through both one-shot and recurring events...
Still writing event handler logic...
For the state store, the `deepFreeze` pattern works well, and I'm adding `unregisterReducer` for proper module cleanup. I should also be mindful about how the INPUT_BLOCKED payload is handled in the input adapter. the spread operation works fine since the items inside are already frozen objects. I should also expose `MODES` and `VALID_TRANSITIONS` from modeRouter for testing and other modules that need to reference the available modes.
Now checking the import chain - eventBus has no dependencies, rng and clock are clean, stateStore imports eventBus, and modeRouter imports from eventBus, clock, inputAdapter, and stateStore with no circular dependencies. The thing is, modeRouter calls `stateStore.registerReducer` at the module level when it's first imported, which means the reducer gets registered immediately rather than waiting for initialization.
This works because ESM initializes modules in dependency order - stateStore runs first and sets up its internal state synchronously, then when modeRouter loads, stateStore is already ready to accept the reducer registration.
Now I need to set up a package.json with the "type": "module" flag to enable ES modules, and create a test harness that validates all six core modules work together properly. The module initialization order should be fine since `registerReducer` just stores the function without executing it—it only runs when the action is dispatched. And since stateStore doesn't import modeRouter, there's no circular dependency. Now I need to verify the clock's pause function sets `_running` to false before clearing the interval.
For the recurring event logic, when a recurring event fires multiple times and its next fire time advances past the target, the while loop correctly handles it—the next call to `_nextPendingEvent` won't find it since its nextFireAtMs will be beyond the target. Let me trace through a concrete scenario with the harness to make sure the tick logic works correctly. The `tick(5000)` call fires the recurring event multiple times as it advances through t=2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, and 6000, stopping before the next scheduled fire at 7000 exceeds the target of 6650—the harness output confirms all five fires. Now I'm thinking about edge cases, specifically what happens when two events are scheduled for the exact same time, and how the event selection logic handles that tie.
Since the clock uses a Set to store recurring events and processes them in insertion order, same-time events will fire in the order they were registered. For the H-018 requirement about bot ordering, the aiBots module registers one recurring per bot with its own interval, so if two bots' callbacks happen to fire at the same atMs, the clock will execute them sequentially within the same tick call anyway—the aiBots module itself is responsible for serializing the work within each callback.
The key insight is that if aiBots uses separate recurrings per bot, the clock's sequential event processing naturally satisfies H-018. If it were to use a single shared recurring instead, that would be an implementation detail to handle in Phase 7. For now, the clock design is sound, so I'm ready to start writing the files. I see the harness is actually part of Phase 0, so I should include it. Let me create the harness that tests all six core files with the specific scenarios mentioned—deterministic replay, mount/unmount leaks, fast-forward determinism, and fight-tick cadence. But first, I need to fix that bug in the `inputAdapter.js` `_emitUp` function when calling it from forced release.
Checking the emit logic... I'm directly emitting the UP event with the reason field to suppress tap logic, which is the right approach since forced release shouldn't generate taps. Now I'm moving on to verify the overall flow.
I need to add a source parameter default to `handleKeyDown` and `handleKeyUp` since the harness might inject input without specifying one—I'll default to 'keyboard'. I also notice the BLOCKED event includes `unlockAtMs`, so I need to track that in `_lockUnlockAtMs` to know when the lockout expires. Once I have those pieces in place, I can write out the actual file implementations.
There's a subtle bug in `_nextPendingEvent` where I'm deleting from `_oneShots` while iterating, so I'll move the deletion to after I've selected the earliest event. I'm also aware that cancelled recurring events accumulate in the set until `reset()` is called, but for a game with a finite number of recurrings that's acceptable—I'll just note it in a comment.
For `stateStore.js`, I should add a guard to throw if a reducer returns null or undefined...
Writing the final code now... Still writing harness tests... the values will differ from the harness since I'm using an arbitrary seed, but the structure is what matters. Now I need to write out all the files to actually implement this. Before I do that, let me think through what the harness should test to properly verify the Phase 0 contracts—the RNG with seeding and streams, the clock with manual ticking and event scheduling, the state store with reducers and subscriptions, the input adapter with key handling and lockout logic, and the mode router with valid and invalid transitions plus its lifecycle hooks. For the clock especially, I'll need to call tick directly rather than relying on setInterval so I can control the timing precisely.
For the mode router tests, the MODE_CHANGED reducer gets auto-registered when I import the module, so the state store will be ready. And for input adapter, I need to position the clock at a known time so timestamp assertions work correctly.
Writing the test harness now...
Setting up the RNG with a seed to verify deterministic behavior across multiple streams, then checking that the same seed produces identical sequences. Setting up clock event handlers and scheduling callbacks...
Now I'm stepping through the manual clock ticks to verify the timing—advancing by 250ms, then 400ms to cross the one-shot at 500ms, then another 1000ms. But I'm realizing there's an issue with how the clock initializes in manual mode when I schedule callbacks at t=0.